3 : "It is very unpleasant, I am afraid of the police," said Pickles.
2 : Pickles nearly had a fit, he barked and he barked and made little rushes.
2 : He shut the door in Nutkin's face.
2 : Old Mr. Brown turned up his eyes in disgust at the impertinence of Nutkin.
2 : And to this day, if you meet Nutkin up a tree and ask him a riddle, he will throw sticks at you, and stamp his feet and scold, and shout--
3 : "I am dreadfully afraid it WILL be mouse!" said Duchess to herself--"I really couldn't, COULDN'T eat mouse pie.
4 : "Quite well, I thank you, and how do YOU do, my dear Ribby?" said Duchess.
4 : "I've brought you some flowers; what a delicious smell of pie!"
4 : "Oh, what lovely flowers!
3 : Oh, my dear Ribby, I do feel so ill!"
3 : "Oh I do feel so ill ALL OVER me, my dear Ribby."
3 : But while Ribby had been hunting for the doctor--a curious thing had happened to Duchess, who had been left by herself, sitting before the fire, sighing and groaning and feeling very unhappy.
7 : "How COULD I have swallowed it! such a large thing as a patty-pan!"
6 : She sat down again, and stared mournfully at the grate.
7 : Duchess started!
4 : "I am truly glad to hear it!
4 : Ribby and Duchess said good-bye affectionately, and Duchess started home.
7 : Ribby stared with amazement-- "Did you ever see the like! so there really WAS a patty-pan?
3 : Mrs. Tabitha became more and more distracted and mewed dreadfully.
3 : But just at that moment somebody knocked at the front door, and Moppet jumped into the flour barrel in a fright.
3 : Mittens ran away to the dairy and hid in an empty jar on the stone shelf where the milk pans stand.
6 : I'm in sad trouble, Cousin Ribby," said Tabitha, shedding tears.
2 : "He's a bad kitten, Cousin Tabitha; he made a cat's cradle of my best bonnet last time I came to tea.
7 : "The chimney wants sweeping-- Oh, dear me, Cousin Ribby--now Moppet and Mittens are gone!
6 : "Yes, it is infested with rats," said Tabitha tearfully.
2 : "The rats get upon my nerves, Cousin Ribby," said Tabitha.
3 : She seemed to be in a terrible fright.
3 : "Oh, Mother, Mother!" said Mittens--
3 : "Oh!
3 : Oh, my poor son Thomas!" exclaimed Tabitha, wringing her paws.
3 : Tom Kitten was getting very frightened!
3 : There was less smoke, but Tom Kitten felt quite lost.
3 : I wish I had never come!
2 : "What do you mean by tumbling into my bed all covered with smuts?" said the rat, chattering his teeth.
2 : "Nonsense!
3 : While Tom Kitten was left alone under the floor of the attic, he wriggled about and tried to mew for help.
3 : Tom Kitten wriggled and squirmed until he was quite exhausted.
2 : Tom Kitten bit and spit, and mewed and wriggled; and the rolling pin went roly-poly, roly; roly-poly, roly.
7 : Anna Maria was about to argue the point when all at once there began to be other sounds up above--the rasping noise of a saw, and the noise of a little dog, scratching and yelping!
2 : As for Farmer Potatoes, he has been driven nearly distracted.
6 : It feels sad.
7 : And then all of a sudden--Miss Moppet jumps upon the Mouse!
7 : But she forgot about that hole in the duster; and when she untied it-- there was no Mouse!
4 : He has wriggled out and run away; and he is dancing a jig on top of the cupboard!
6 : The tailor replied: "Simpkin, we shall make our fortune, but I am worn to a ravelling.
7 : Then the tailor started; for suddenly, interrupting him, from the dresser at the other side of the kitchen came a number of little noises--
7 : "This is passing extraordinary!" said the Tailor of Gloucester, and turned over another tea-cup, which was upside down.
2 : But Simpkin hid a little parcel privately in the tea-pot, and spit and growled at the tailor; and if Simpkin had been able to talk, he would have asked: "Where is my MOUSE?"
6 : "Alack, I am undone!" said the Tailor of Gloucester, and went sadly to bed.
6 : The poor old tailor was very ill with a fever, tossing and turning in his four-post bed; and still in his dreams he mumbled: "No more twist! no more twist!"
4 : The little mice only laughed, and tried another tune--
6 : "Alack," said the tailor, "I have my twist; but no more strength--nor time--than will serve to make me one single buttonhole; for this is Christmas Day in the Morning!
2 : Little Benjamin did not very much want to see his Aunt.
3 : Peter did not seem to be enjoying himself; he kept hearing noises.
4 : Benjamin, on the contrary, was perfectly at home, and ate a lettuce leaf.
3 : Peter did not eat anything; he said he should like to go home.
3 : Peter heard noises worse than ever; his eyes were as big as lolly-pops!
7 : The cat was too much surprised to scratch back.
7 : When Mr. McGregor returned about half an hour later he observed several things which perplexed him.
2 : Listen to the story of Jemima Puddle-duck, who was annoyed because the farmer's wife would not let her hatch her own eggs.
4 : She rather fancied a tree stump amongst some tall foxgloves.
7 : But--seated upon the stump, she was startled to find an elegantly dressed gentleman reading a newspaper.
2 : Jemima complained of the superfluous hen.
7 : Jemima Puddle-duck was rather surprised to find such a vast quantity of feathers.
4 : The foxy gentleman admired them immensely.
7 : When Jemima alighted he quite jumped.
3 : Jemima became much alarmed.
4 : "What a mercy that was not a pike!" said Mr. Jeremy Fisher.
6 : One day little Lucie came into the farm-yard crying--oh, she did cry so!
3 : A little frightened voice called out "Who's that?"
3 : There was a nice hot singey smell; and at the table, with an iron in her hand, stood a very stout short person staring anxiously at Lucie.
7 : Her little black nose went sniffle, sniffle, snuffle, and her eyes went twinkle, twinkle; and underneath her cap-where Lucie had yellow curls-that little person had PRICKLES!
4 : "Oh that IS lovely!" said Lucie.
4 : And she gave them their nice clean clothes; and all the little animals and birds were so very much obliged to dear Mrs. Tiggy-winkle.
2 : "Go away, you bold bad spider!
2 : Mrs. Tittlemouse looked at her severely.
2 : Mrs. Tittle- mouse began to get cross.
2 : "I am not in the habit of letting lodgings; this is an intrusion!" said Mrs. Tittlemouse.
4 : He was sitting all over a small rocking chair, twiddling his thumbs and smiling, with his feet on the fender.
4 : "Thank you, thank you, thank you, Mrs. Tittlemouse!
4 : He sat and smiled, and the water dripped off his coat tails.
4 : "Thank you, thank you, Mrs. Tittlemouse!
4 : "Thank you, thank you, thank you, Mrs. Tittlemouse!
4 : Now what I really--REALLY should like-- would be a little dish of honey!"
2 : "Get out, you nasty old toad!" shrieked Babbitty Bumble.
2 : "I shall go distracted!" scolded Mrs. Tittlemouse.
2 : But the untidiness was something dreadful--"Never did I see such a mess--smears of honey; and moss, and thistledown--and marks of big and little dirty feet-- all over my nice clean house!"
2 : The rabbits could not bear him; they could smell him half a mile off.
4 : Old Mr. Bouncer coughed and laughed; and Tommy Brock puffed and grinned.
4 : And Mr. Bouncer laughed and coughed, and shut his eyes because of the cabbage smoke ..........
2 : He was in disgrace; Flopsy wrung her ears, and slapped him.
2 : What a nasty person!" said Peter.
3 : He had nodded, and pointed to the sack, and seemed doubled up with laughing.--"Come away, Peter; he will be cooking them; come quicker!" said Benjamin Bunny.
3 : When they came near the wood at the top of Bull Banks, they went cautiously.
3 : The rabbits crept up carefully, listening and peeping.
3 : The rabbits shivered in their shoes.
7 : The young family were alive; shut up in the oven!
4 : Benjamin was so excited that it was a mercy he did not awake Tommy Brock, whose snores continued solemnly in Mr. Tod's bed.
3 : Then those two rabbits lost their heads completely.
2 : Mr. Tod was coming up Bull Banks, and he was in the very worst of tempers.
2 : First he had been upset by breaking the plate.
2 : Mr. Tod had had an unsatisfactory night.
2 : He made his way up the hill; his temper was not improved by noticing unmistakable marks of badger.
2 : Mr. Tod slapped his stick upon the earth and fumed; he guessed where Tommy Brock had gone to.
2 : He was further annoyed by the jay bird which followed him persistently.
2 : The sight that met Mr. Tod's eyes in Mr. Tod's kitchen made Mr. Tod furious.
2 : His whiskers bristled and his coat collar stood on end with rage.
2 : When he was outside the house, he scratched up the earth with fury.
4 : The moment he had gone, Tommy Brock got up in a hurry; he rolled Mr. Tod's dressing-gown into a bundle, put it into the bed beneath the pail of water instead of himself, and left the room also-- grinning immensely.
7 : At last the rope gave way with such a sudden jerk that it nearly pulled his teeth out, and quite knocked him over backwards.
4 : He was quite dry himself and grinning; and he threw the cup of scalding tea all over Mr. Tod.
2 : Then Mr. Tod rushed upon Tommy Brock, and Tommy Brock grappled with Mr. Tod amongst the broken crockery, and there was a terrific battle all over the kitchen.
3 : They crept out of their tunnel, and hung about amongst the rocks and bushes, listening anxiously.
3 : The rabbit babies in the oven woke up trembling; perhaps it was fortunate they were shut up inside.
3 : But Benjamin was frightened--
3 : "Oh; oh! they are coming back!"
2 : After quarreling at supper, Flopsy and old Mr. Bouncer had passed a sleepless night, and quarrelled again at breakfast.
3 : In Mr. Tod's kitchen, amidst the wreckage, Benjamin Bunny picked his way to the oven nervously, through a thick cloud of dust.
4 : Great was old Mr. Bouncer's relief and Flopsy's joy when Peter and Benjamin arrived in triumph with the young family.
7 : But round the end of a cucumber frame, whom should he meet but Mr. McGregor!
3 : Peter was most dreadfully frightened; he rushed all over the garden, for he had forgotten the way back to the gate.
6 : Peter gave himself up for lost, and shed big tears; but his sobs were overheard by some friendly sparrows, who flew to him in great excitement, and implored him to exert himself.
3 : Peter sat down to rest; he was out of breath and trembling with fright, and he had not the least idea which way to go.
6 : Peter began to cry.
4 : The eight little pigs had very fine appetites--"Yus, yus, yus! they eat and indeed they DO eat!" said Aunt Pettitoes, looking at her family with pride.
3 : Suddenly there were fearful squeals; Alexander had squeezed inside the hoops of the pig trough and stuck.
6 : Aunt Pettitoes wiped her eyes with a large pocket handkerchief, then she wiped Pigling Bland's nose and shed tears; then she wiped Alexander's nose and shed tears; then she passed the handkerchief to Spot.
6 : Aunt Pettitoes sighed and grunted, and addressed those little pigs as follows--
6 : Pigling Bland who was a sedate little pig, looked solemnly at his mother, a tear trickled down his cheek.
4 : Alexander went into squeals of laughter.
2 : Pigling Bland reproved Alexander.
4 : But presently they made it up again, and trotted away together, singing--
7 : Pigling Bland was shocked, there was little hope of sleeping in Market Town, and tomorrow was the hiring fair; it was deplorable to think how much time had been wasted by the frivolity of Alexander.
3 : Pigling Bland became frightened and cried "Wee, wee, wee!
3 : I can't find my way home!"
6 : He saw a small wooden hut, made his way to it, and crept inside --"I am afraid it IS a hen house, but what can I do?" said Pigling Bland, wet and cold and quite tired out.
2 : "Trap, trap, trap! cackle, cackle, cackle!" scolded the disturbed cockerel.
3 : Pigling Bland, much alarmed, determined to leave at daybreak.
4 : A perfectly lovely little black Berkshire pig stood smiling beside him.
3 : Pig-wig looked anxious.
7 : "I thought you had eaten them?" said Pigling, waking suddenly.
6 : I have tooth- ache," said Pigling much dismayed.
3 : He was afraid to go to sleep himself; for the rest of the night he sat listening to the chirping of the crickets and to the snores of Mr. Piperson overhead.
4 : She dropped Pigling's hand and commenced to dance, singing-- presently.
2 : Pigling Bland refused quite crossly.
3 : And in sight of the bridge!" said poor Pigling, nearly crying.
4 : They came to the river, they came to the bridge--they crossed it hand in hand--then over the hills and far away she danced with Pigling Bland!
4 : They had a large family, and they were very improvident and cheerful.
4 : The little Flopsy Bunnies slept delightfully in the warm sun.
4 : The little rabbits smiled sweetly in their sleep under the shower of grass; they did not awake because the lettuces had been so soporific.
7 : What's that?
2 : When she felt the vegetables she became very very angry.
2 : And Mr. McGregor was very angry too.
6 : Timmy coughed and groaned, because his ribs hurted him.
4 : It laughed and chuckled when it heard Timmy's story.
3 : My wife will be anxious!"
4 : Chippy Hackee was not too fat, but he did not want to come; he stayed down below and chuckled.
3 : Chippy Hackee went home in a hurry!
7 : They had very small eyes and looked surprised.
4 : Mittens laughed so that she fell off the wall.
4 : "It's a very fine morning!" said Mr. Drake Puddle-duck.
2 : She pulled them off the wall, smacked them, and took them back to the house.
2 : "My friends will arrive in a minute, and you are not fit to be seen; I am affronted," said Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit.
3 : Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca went cautiously across the hearthrug.
4 : Then they squeaked with joy!
2 : Then Tom Thumb lost his temper.
2 : Then there was no end to the rage and disappointment of Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca.
